README.md, before:

# 01 Introduce
Table of Contents  
╠═1. conda  
║&ensp;╠═1.1. [install conda](01_Install_and_Use_python/01_conda/01_Install_anaconda.md)  
║&ensp;╠═1.2. [create envs](01_Install_and_Use_python/01_conda/02_conda_create_envs.md)  
║&ensp;╠═1.3. [remove envs](01_Install_and_Use_python/01_conda/03_conda_remove_envs.md)  
║&ensp;╠═1.4. [pip install package](01_Install_and_Use_python/01_conda/04_pip_install_package.md)  
║&ensp;╠═1.5. [pip install package --upgrade](01_Install_and_Use_python/01_conda/05_pip_install_package_upgrade.md)  
║&ensp;╚═1.6. [pip install pip --upgrade](01_Install_and_Use_python/01_conda/06_pip_upgrade.md)  
╠═2. docker  
║&ensp;╠═2.1. [python3 jupyter by tensorflow official image](01_Install_and_Use_python/02_docker/tensorflow_image.md)  
( ║ ╠ ═ ╚ )  

| Title   | Contents                                                                                                                |
|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| jupyter | [convert jupyter notebook to markdown](01_Install_and_Use_python/03_jupyter/03_convert_jupyter_notebook_to_markdown.md) |
|         | [Jupyter Notebook ShortCuts](01_Install_and_Use_python/03_jupyter/04_Jupyter_notebook_shortcuts.md)                     |
|         | [jupyter notebook passwd](01_Install_and_Use_python/03_jupyter/05_jupyter_notebook_passwd.md)                           |
| etc     | [python shell in docker container](01_Install_and_Use_python/04_etc/03_python_shell_on_docker.md)                       |
|         | [Zen of Python](01_Install_and_Use_python/04_etc/02_Zen_of_Python_English_Korean.md)                                    |

# 02_Data_Science_from_Scratch
| Ch | Part | Contents                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|----|------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 02 | 01   | [sort list](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.01_sort.md)                                                                                                                              |
|    | 02   | [list comprehension](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.02_list_comprehension.md)                                                                                                       |
|    | 03   | [Generator_Iterator : Use temparary and lazy index by Generator](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.03_Generator_Iterator.md)                                                           |
|    | 04   | [random : Use random(), seed(9), randrange(1,9), shuffle(range(10)), choice(range(10)), sample(range(10),5) of random package](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.04_random_numbers.md) |
|    | 05   | [ragular_expression : match, search, split, sub of re package](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.05_regular_expression.md)                                                             |
|    | 06   | [Object-Oriented_Programming : Implement of Set](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.06_object-oriented_programming.md)                                                                  |
|    | 07   | [string](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.01.07_string.md)                                                                                                                               |
|    |      | [functional_tool : Merge a function as a argument to another function](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.07_functional_tool.md)                                                        |
|    | 08   | [enumerate : Use index and elements of list at the same time](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.08_enumerate.md)                                                                       |
|    | 09   | [zip_argument_unpacking : Use zip and unzip for list](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.09_zip_argument_unpacking.ipynb)                                                               |
|    | 10   | [args_kwargs : Unnamed args tuple and KeyWord args dict](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.10_args_kwargs.ipynb)                                                                       |
|    |      | [dict : key-value data structure](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.01.10_dict.md)                                                                                                        |
|    |      | [defaultdict : dict + add new element if key is not exists in dict](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.01.10_defaultdict.md)                                                               |
|    |      | [counter : same like defaultdict](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.01.10_Counter.md)                                                                                                     |
|    |      | [wordcount : examples](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.01.10_wordcount_examples.md)                                                                                                     |
|    | 11   | [set : in operation is quick, reduce duplication](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.01.11_set.md)                                                                                         |
|    | 12   | [control_statement : for, if-elif-else, continue, break](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.01.12_control_statement.md)                                                                    |
|    | 13   | [Boolean : True, False, and, or, all, any](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.01.13_Boolean.md)                                                                                            |
| 03 | 01   | [matplotlib : simple bar graph, line graph, scatter plot](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/03_Ch/03.01_matplotlib.ipynb)                                                                          |
|    | 02   | [bar charts, historgram](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/03_Ch/03.02_bar_charts.ipynb)                                                                                                           |
|    | 03   | [Line charts](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/03_Ch/03.03_line_charts.ipynb)                                                                                                                     |
|    | 04   | [Scatter plots](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/03_Ch/03.04_scatter_plots.ipynb)                                                                                                                 |
| 04 | 01   | [Linear Algebra](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/04_Ch/04.01_Linear_Algebra.ipynb)                                                                                                               |
|    | 02   | [Matrix](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/04_Ch/04.02_Matrix.ipynb)                                                                                                                               |
| 05 | 01   | [Explain DataSet](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/05_Ch/05.01_Explain_DataSet.ipynb)                                                                                                             |

# 03_PyCharm
| Title | Contents                                                                      |
|-------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Issue | [Unresolved reference warning](03_PyCharm/01_unresolved_reference_warning.md) |

# 04_Everyday_Programming
| Question | Contents                                                                   |
|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 01       | [bigger_continue_sum](04_Everyday_Programming/01_Q/bigger_continue_sum.py) |

# 05_Tmp
| Title       | Contents                                                            |
|-------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| defaultdict | [defaultdict in defaultdict](05_Tmp/01_dictionary_in_dictionary.py) |

# 06_Django
| Title    | Contents                                                                      |
|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Tutorial | [Django Girls Tutorial](06_Django/01_Django_Girls_Tutorial/memo.md)           |

Commit message:

#65-jupyter-modify-on-contents-table
```
renamed:    01_Install_and_Use_python/03_jupyter/03_convert_jupyter_notebook_to_markdown.md -> 01_Install_and_Use_python/03_jupyter/01_convert_jupyter_notebook_to_markdown.md
renamed:    01_Install_and_Use_python/03_jupyter/04_Jupyter_notebook_shortcuts.md -> 01_Install_and_Use_python/03_jupyter/02_Jupyter_notebook_shortcuts.md
renamed:    01_Install_and_Use_python/03_jupyter/05_jupyter_notebook_passwd.md -> 01_Install_and_Use_python/03_jupyter/03_jupyter_notebook_passwd.md
deleted:    01_Install_and_Use_python/04_etc/03_python_shell_on_docker.md
modified:   README.md
```

README.md, after:

# 01 Introduce
Table of Contents  
╠═1. conda  
║&ensp;╠═1.1. [install conda](01_Install_and_Use_python/01_conda/01_Install_anaconda.md)  
║&ensp;╠═1.2. [create envs](01_Install_and_Use_python/01_conda/02_conda_create_envs.md)  
║&ensp;╠═1.3. [remove envs](01_Install_and_Use_python/01_conda/03_conda_remove_envs.md)  
║&ensp;╠═1.4. [pip install package](01_Install_and_Use_python/01_conda/04_pip_install_package.md)  
║&ensp;╠═1.5. [pip install package --upgrade](01_Install_and_Use_python/01_conda/05_pip_install_package_upgrade.md)  
║&ensp;╚═1.6. [pip install pip --upgrade](01_Install_and_Use_python/01_conda/06_pip_upgrade.md)  
╠═2. docker  
║&ensp;╠═2.1. [python3 jupyter by tensorflow official image](01_Install_and_Use_python/02_docker/tensorflow_image.md)  
╠═3. jupyter  
║&ensp;╠═3.1. [convert jupyter notebook to markdown](01_Install_and_Use_python/03_jupyter/01_convert_jupyter_notebook_to_markdown.md)  
║&ensp;╠═3.2. [short cuts for jupyter](01_Install_and_Use_python/03_jupyter/02_Jupyter_notebook_shortcuts.md)  
║&ensp;╠═3.3. [set password by manually](01_Install_and_Use_python/03_jupyter/03_jupyter_notebook_passwd.md)  
( ║ ╠ ═ ╚ )  

| Title   | Contents                                                                                                                |
|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| etc     | [Zen of Python](01_Install_and_Use_python/04_etc/02_Zen_of_Python_English_Korean.md)                                    |

# 02_Data_Science_from_Scratch
| Ch | Part | Contents                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|----|------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 02 | 01   | [sort list](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.01_sort.md)                                                                                                                              |
|    | 02   | [list comprehension](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.02_list_comprehension.md)                                                                                                       |
|    | 03   | [Generator_Iterator : Use temparary and lazy index by Generator](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.03_Generator_Iterator.md)                                                           |
|    | 04   | [random : Use random(), seed(9), randrange(1,9), shuffle(range(10)), choice(range(10)), sample(range(10),5) of random package](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.04_random_numbers.md) |
|    | 05   | [ragular_expression : match, search, split, sub of re package](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.05_regular_expression.md)                                                             |
|    | 06   | [Object-Oriented_Programming : Implement of Set](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.06_object-oriented_programming.md)                                                                  |
|    | 07   | [string](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.01.07_string.md)                                                                                                                               |
|    |      | [functional_tool : Merge a function as a argument to another function](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.07_functional_tool.md)                                                        |
|    | 08   | [enumerate : Use index and elements of list at the same time](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.08_enumerate.md)                                                                       |
|    | 09   | [zip_argument_unpacking : Use zip and unzip for list](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.09_zip_argument_unpacking.ipynb)                                                               |
|    | 10   | [args_kwargs : Unnamed args tuple and KeyWord args dict](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.02.10_args_kwargs.ipynb)                                                                       |
|    |      | [dict : key-value data structure](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.01.10_dict.md)                                                                                                        |
|    |      | [defaultdict : dict + add new element if key is not exists in dict](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.01.10_defaultdict.md)                                                               |
|    |      | [counter : same like defaultdict](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.01.10_Counter.md)                                                                                                     |
|    |      | [wordcount : examples](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.01.10_wordcount_examples.md)                                                                                                     |
|    | 11   | [set : in operation is quick, reduce duplication](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.01.11_set.md)                                                                                         |
|    | 12   | [control_statement : for, if-elif-else, continue, break](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.01.12_control_statement.md)                                                                    |
|    | 13   | [Boolean : True, False, and, or, all, any](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/02_Ch/02.01.13_Boolean.md)                                                                                            |
| 03 | 01   | [matplotlib : simple bar graph, line graph, scatter plot](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/03_Ch/03.01_matplotlib.ipynb)                                                                          |
|    | 02   | [bar charts, historgram](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/03_Ch/03.02_bar_charts.ipynb)                                                                                                           |
|    | 03   | [Line charts](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/03_Ch/03.03_line_charts.ipynb)                                                                                                                     |
|    | 04   | [Scatter plots](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/03_Ch/03.04_scatter_plots.ipynb)                                                                                                                 |
| 04 | 01   | [Linear Algebra](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/04_Ch/04.01_Linear_Algebra.ipynb)                                                                                                               |
|    | 02   | [Matrix](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/04_Ch/04.02_Matrix.ipynb)                                                                                                                               |
| 05 | 01   | [Explain DataSet](02_Data_Science_from_Scratch/05_Ch/05.01_Explain_DataSet.ipynb)                                                                                                             |

# 03_PyCharm
| Title | Contents                                                                      |
|-------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Issue | [Unresolved reference warning](03_PyCharm/01_unresolved_reference_warning.md) |

# 04_Everyday_Programming
| Question | Contents                                                                   |
|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 01       | [bigger_continue_sum](04_Everyday_Programming/01_Q/bigger_continue_sum.py) |

# 05_Tmp
| Title       | Contents                                                            |
|-------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| defaultdict | [defaultdict in defaultdict](05_Tmp/01_dictionary_in_dictionary.py) |

# 06_Django
| Title    | Contents                                                                      |
|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Tutorial | [Django Girls Tutorial](06_Django/01_Django_Girls_Tutorial/memo.md)           |
